他に以下のパラメーターも定義できる模様

* renderer
	* Rendererクラスを指定する。
	* ver 0.14時点では、`simplejson`のみが定義されている。
	* どのように実装するかは未確認のため不明。
* validators
	* A list of callables to pass the request into before passing it to the associated view.
* filters
	* A list of callables to pass the response into before returning it to the client.
* accept
	* A list of Accept header values accepted for this service (or method if overwritten when defining a method). It can also be a callable, in which case the values will be discovered at runtime. If a callable is passed, it should be able to take the request as a first argument.
* content_type
	* A list of Content-Type header values accepted for this service (or method if overwritten when defining a method). It can also be a callable, in which case the values will be discovered at runtime. If a callable is passed, it should be able to take the request as a first argument.
* factory
	* A factory returning callables which return boolean values. The callables take the request as their first argument and return boolean values. This param is exclusive with the ‘acl’ one.
* acl
	* A callable defininng the ACL (returns true or false, function of the given request). Exclusive with the ‘factory’ option.
* klass
	* The class to use when resolving views (if they are not callables)
* error_handler
	* Validationエラーの際に使用されるRenderer
	* 規定値は、`‘json_error’`

ContentType Validator
Content Negotiation
ACL Filter
サービスで指定した場合は、全リクエストが対象かどうか
Request = pyramid#Request <- webob#BaseRequest